Refactor credential chain doc to use includes (#45489)
dotnet/docs: docs/azure/sdk/includes/credential-chains-how-why.md

---
ms.topic: include
ms.date: 08/15/2024
---

## How a chained credential works

> At runtime, a credential chain attempts to authenticate using the sequence's first credential. If that credential fails to acquire an access token, the next credential in the sequence is attempted, and so on, until an access token is successfully obtained. The following sequence diagram illustrates this behavior:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At run time, a credential chain attempts to authenticate using the sequence's first credential. If that credential fails to acquire an access token, the next credential in the sequence is attempted, and so on, until an access token is successfully obtained. The following sequence diagram illustrates this behavior:
```

:::image type="content" source="../media/mermaidjs/ChainSequence.svg" alt-text="Credential chain sequence diagram":::

## Why use credential chains

A chained credential can offer the following benefits:

- **Environment awareness**: Automatically selects the most appropriate credential based on the environment in which the app is running. Without it, you'd have to write code like this:

    :::code language="csharp" source="../snippets/authentication/credential-chains/Program.cs" id="snippet_NoChain":::

- **Seamless transitions**: Your app can move from local development to your staging or production environment without changing authentication code.
- **Improved resiliency**: Includes a fallback mechanism that moves to the next credential when the prior fails to acquire an access token.

## How to choose a chained credential

There are two disparate philosophies to credential chaining:

> - **"Tear down" a chain**: Start with a preconfigured chain and exclude what you don't need. For this approach, see the [DefaultAzureCredential overview](#defaultazurecredential-overview) section.

Reviewer: Do we know that these sections will always exist?
